alright guys this is part number for cut
off the head and so I leave are you open
well the acid Charizard so sad seems
passed away I highly doubt we're going
to a charger but it's fine we got two
black boys laughter is always cool
anything right Cain is there yeah I bruh
onyx any of you out there willing to
trade a min charizard let me know ponyta
Magnemite spoil all fine energy water
and chi poliwhirl jinx oil oh when a
magnet on so that's really cool huh
awesome and complaining about that 00
chaser pack a change maybe if i keep
saying a name will come up here okay
taking it wrong it's not gonna make them
come on that's how I say it till he
loves it Oh chain reserved because it's
my nickname for it cheers care either a
red ah potion which I need romo toy onyx
star you the deal water energy psychic
energy magic wipe my maintenance radecki
and I don't find this today that's funny
no of it alright eNOS or coming down my
second one dying here I know till da you
shouldn't open cards anymore I thought
outside because we have invites are you
Oh squirtle ghastly potion later on
psychic electric bull hill Kadabra we're
going to Kadabra a lot Pokemon Center
and a stupid ass computer so i know i
gave you i will also this is too
oh aight computer search I hate all
trainers in the dancer prevent you from
getting home Wow cuz I you know how I
was telling you that your size messy and
right now I just throw the back yeah cuz
you make it messy all right pidgey bill
will tour coughing ponyta psychic energy
electric energy do gone magicard
maintenance another code if I can come
to me after you see this guy's sorry oh
my god no it's basic I don't care you
have a hot all right last boys oh my how
do you know hottie yes I really like
attached to the computer yeah why would
you do that to make a point that's evil
it's it's it's it's frustration Metapod
take it although I am happy with the
poles we got Pikachu I retail Rattata
ponyta psychic energy fire energy energy
retrieval seal come on Machoke there you
are there you i had to be my last bag
didn't it a happy oh my god allegan last
dude Wow hey past your fingers say a
miracle just cross them and it's a
blasters path so my favorite yeah the
last two that were left for black ice
and it's kind of a righteous we got two
blockers and to my toes oh alright here
it is the last pack of this beautiful
box all right do do love Metapod ghastly
try meander there you go big boy I like
sick energy psychic energy pokemon food
need arena if there's your move Oh
can you too hot I was picking nice saw
ya what though nice that way I thought
you might oh yeah I guys know Charizard
but hey we got to Blastoise to nine
tails so hopefully we can trade for mint
charizard something if anybody's willing
to yes and no Alakazam that's kind of
sad for me hang up but overall it's a
pretty good box I I'd say you know it's
more of a box to like reminisce on the
old school stuff I don't know who I'm
going to try to collect all these I
think I am but I was probably gonna take
a while so yeah guys that was a base set
so i recommend you guys out there who
haven't got one to get one I know
they're pretty pricey but a know if
you're planning on purchasing a booster
box pretty soon I would say get one
before they'll go ya gotta catch them
all I would I would save up you know
like forget that like I think you
everybody should have at least one in
their lifetime oh yeah guys this is Bam
and cakey I rate and subscribe see you
guys later bye bye and the 11th mystery
booster boxes after this we'll see you
later bye